Add a supported cloud providers documentation (#169)
mosaicml/streaming: docs/source/how_to_guides/cloud_providers.md

> # Cloud provider

Author: Changed it to `Configure Cloud Storage Credentials` in https://github.com/mosaicml/streaming/pull/169/commits/018e7db3bb1bd25ef935e5916d831307b33033f0. Thanks!

> Streaming dataset supports the following cloud storage providers: [AWS S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/), [GCP Storage](https://cloud.google.com/storage), and [OCI Cloud Storage](https://www.oracle.com/cloud/storage/) to stream your data directly to your instance. For [MosaicML platform](https://www.mosaicml.com/cloud) users, follow the steps mentioned in this [AWS S3](https://mcli.docs.mosaicml.com/en/latest/secrets/s3.html), [GCP Storage](https://mcli.docs.mosaicml.com/en/latest/secrets/gcp.html), and [OCI Cloud Storage](https://mcli.docs.mosaicml.com/en/latest/secrets/oci.html) doc on how to configure the cloud provider credentials.

Reviewer: Can we break this up?  Maybe the cloud storage providers should be a bulleted list.

IMO we should move the details on setup for MosaicML platform users down into each relevant section and maybe have two sub-sections so it's consistent.

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/mosaicml/streaming/pull/169/commits/018e7db3bb1bd25ef935e5916d831307b33033f0.
- Added a bullet point for each cloud provider
- Added a sub-section for MosaicML platform users and others

## AWS S3

> For S3 bucket with a public access, skip rest of the below steps since no credentials setup is required.

Reviewer: Just get to the point...
```suggestion
For S3 bucket with a public access, no additional setup is required, simply specify the S3 URI of the resource.
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/mosaicml/streaming/pull/169/commits/018e7db3bb1bd25ef935e5916d831307b33033f0.

First, make sure the `awscli` is installed, and then run `aws configure` to create the config and credential files:

```
python -m pip install awscli
aws configure
```

Note: the requested credentials can be retrieved through your [AWS console](https://aws.amazon.com/console/), typically under “Command line or programmatic access”.

Your config and credentials files should follow the standard structure output by `aws configure`:

`~/.aws/config`

```
[default]
region=us-west-2
output=json

```

`~/.aws/credentials`

```
[default]
aws_access_key_id=AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE
aws_secret_access_key=wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY

```

More details on these files can be found [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-files.html). The streaming dataset reads the `~/.aws/config` and `~/.aws/credentials` to authenticate your credentials and stream data into your instance.

## GCP

> Streaming dataset support [GCP user credentials](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/authentication#user_accounts), where you need to set your GCP user access key and GCP user access secret as environment variables for your runs. You can set these environment variables in your main python script as such.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Streaming dataset supports [GCP user credentials](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/authentication#user_accounts).  Users must set their GCP `user access key` and GCP `user access secret` in the run environment. 

To specify in a Python script:
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/mosaicml/streaming/pull/169/commits/018e7db3bb1bd25ef935e5916d831307b33033f0.

```python
import os
os.environ['GCS_KEY'] = 'AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE'
os.environ['GCS_SECRET'] = 'wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY'
```

> Or you can also export the environment from the shell command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively via shell configuration:
```

Reviewer: I actually think it's possible to combine the code examples above into a single cell in Sphinx so users just select a single tab to see the Python vs Bash examples.

Reviewer: Sphinx tabs is what you want!
https://sphinx-tabs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

Author: This is a great suggestion. Addressed in https://github.com/mosaicml/streaming/pull/169/commits/018e7db3bb1bd25ef935e5916d831307b33033f0.
